well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gallon so today let's start off
with something a little bit more
lighthearted moving into the weekend
there's a lot of heavy stuff going on
and we will talk about it all later but
let's get your day started off right
let's talk about why the president can't
break up with Twitter even with all of
the heavy stuff that is currently
occurring in the United States and all
over the world the president has decided
that his primary objective is to battle
a blue bird on the Internet and he's
losing gloriously to Twitter if you're
not aware of the saga that has occurring
this little back and forth between the
President and Twitter I will give you a
quick recap not too long ago the
President did what the president often
does and tweeted something that was well
let's just call it misleading Twitter
fact-checked him but a little button
below it saying more information click
here didn't censor him which was the
president's claim Twitter censured me
that didn't happen the tweet was always
visible just had additional information
added to it he went off on a tirade over
this and in the process proved that he
did not understand the First Amendment
didn't really even grasp the concepts in
it and then he decided he was going to
go the executive order round in the
executive order primarily targeted
section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act written back in 1996 by
Chris Cox and Ron Wyden bipartisan thing
Ron Wyden has referred to president's
executive order as quote plainly illegal
and he's right but
it was never meant to be enforced anyway
it has no teeth the the real point of
that executive order was to send a
message to Twitter I'm the President of
the United States you can't censor me
even though they never did you can't you
can't do this to me I'm the boss
you can't fact check me you can't
correct me me don't do this to me
I have this power less than 24 hours
later Twitter actually censored in now
whether or not this was Twitter's
administration or somebody exploiting a
master report feature we don't know yet
but the president tweeted something that
was admittedly disturbing and a horrible
strategy horrible tactics in regards to
his plan to restore order and we'll
probably get to this in another video
but Twitter covered it up covered it up
in place of that tweet it says this
tweet violated Twitter's rules about
glorifying violence however Twitter has
determined that it may be in the
public's interest for the tweet to
remain accessible as a button that you
can click if you want to view the stuff
that he spews I would imagine that there
is a full-blown meltdown going on in the
White House right now Twitter called his
bluff because Twitter knows Trump can't
leave
he's the President of the United States
why would he need a platform like this
why would he need Twitter he doesn't
write or does he think about it
Twitter's platform is perfect for
President Trump if you want you can work
really hard in the limited space it
allows to insert some nuance some
substance some subtlety some ideas but
you're not required to you don't have to
and his voters they don't care about
substance they did the wouldn't voted
for helm they care about little witty
bits of information digital sound bytes
that tell him who to be afraid of who to
be mad at who's out to get them his
voters are ruled by anger and fear and
Twitter allows him to exploit that they
can't lose it he can't leave the
platform
he'll lose they'll lose the election he
will lose the election if he leaves
Twitter because right now it's the only
thing keeping his base energized those
people who only absorb information
cleared by the president you know those
who are true party line thinkers those
who don't commit thought crime they need
direct contact with the president they
need those little baby bits of
instruction there are two minutes of
hate they need it and without it
well they might go to a different source
and get like factual information and
that would be devastating to the
president's reelection chances
so he won't leave but there will be a
pretty good meltdown today I imagine
it's by the time y'all watch us probably
already happened it's sad
that with everything going on right now
the president's primary concern is
maintaining a tool to tell people what
to be afraid of and hate it's really
what it's about because he knows that if
he can't do that I can't use Twitter his
only options are to speak publicly or
actually lead to things the president
has proven he is incapable of anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day